content/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/about-passkeys.md, before:

---
title: About passkeys
intro: 'Passkeys allow you to sign in safely and easily, without requiring a password and two-factor authentication.'
permissions: 'Personal account owners who manage their own credentials can authenticate to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} using passkeys.'
versions:
  feature: passkeys
shortTitle: About passkeys
---
{% note %}

{% data reusables.passkeys.beta-note %}

{% endnote %}

## About passkeys

Passkeys allow you to sign in securely to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}, without having to input your password. If you use two-factor authentication (2FA), passkeys satisfy both password and 2FA requirements, so you can complete your sign in with a single step. You can also use passkeys for sudo mode and resetting your password.

Some authenticators allow passkeys to be used with nearby devices. For example, perhaps you want to sign in to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} using a bluetooth-enabled laptop that's not set up with a passkey. If you have registered a passkey on your phone, you might opt to scan a QR code, or trigger a push notification to your phone, in order to complete the sign in securely. For more information, see "[Signing in with a passkey using a nearby device](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/signing-in-with-a-passkey#signing-in-with-a-passkey-using-a-nearby-device)."

Since many passkeys are synced across devices and browsers using the same passkey provider (Apple OS, Android, password managers, etc.), once you have set up a synced passkey on one device, that passkey is available to use across multiple devices using the same passkey provider. For example, if you register FaceID as a passkey, you can then use that passkey with your face, fingerprint, PIN, or device password interchangeably across multiple devices tied to the same iCloud account. For more information about adding a passkey to your account, see "[AUTOTITLE](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/managing-your-passkeys)."

Passkeys can also be used across nearby devices. For example, perhaps you want to sign in to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} using a laptop that's not set up with a passkey. If you have registered your phone as a passkey, you might opt to scan a QR code, or trigger a push notification to your phone, in order to complete the sign in securely. For more information, see "[Signing in with a passkey using a nearby device](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/signing-in-with-a-passkey#signing-in-with-a-passkey-using-a-nearby-device)."

Since your passkey is protected by the passkey provider's account system (iCloud, Google account, password manager account, etc.), you cannot get locked out of your {% data variables.product.company_short %} account unless you've also been locked out of your platform account.

For 2FA users, if you already have passkey-eligible security keys registered to your account for 2FA, you can easily upgrade these existing security keys into passkeys in your account settings. When you use an eligible security key to sign in, you'll also be asked if you want to upgrade it to a passkey. For more information, see "[Upgrading an existing security key to a passkey](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/managing-your-passkeys#upgrading-an-existing-security-key-to-a-passkey)."

For information on whether your device and operating system support passkeys, see [Device support](https://passkeys.dev/device-support/) in the Passkeys.dev documentation, and [Web Authentication API](https://caniuse.com/webauthn) in the CanIUse documentation.

## Enabling and disabling the feature preview for passkeys

{% data reusables.passkeys.enable-disable-passkey-beta %}

## Feedback

You can share your feedback on passkeys with {% data variables.product.company_short %}. To join the conversation, see "[Passkey feature preview feedback](https://gh.io/passkey-feedback)."

## Further reading
- [AUTOTITLE](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/managing-your-passkeys)
- [AUTOTITLE](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/signing-in-with-a-passkey)
- [AUTOTITLE](/authentication/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa/about-two-factor-authentication)

Commit message:

Changes to (hopefully) better explain that passkeys are and how they can be used. The goals of these edits are to: - Clarify the difference between passkeys (WebAuthn credentials) and authenticators (anything that is capable of storing WebAuthn creds) - Clarify the difference between the Github "security keys" feature and FIDO2 usb/nfc/bluetooth devices, which are typically referred to as "security keys" - More accurately represent the spectrum of authenticators: security keys, platform authenticators, password managers and smartphones.

content/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/about-passkeys.md, after:

---
title: About passkeys
intro: 'Passkeys allow you to sign in safely and easily, without requiring a password and two-factor authentication.'
permissions: 'Personal account owners who manage their own credentials can authenticate to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} using passkeys.'
versions:
  feature: passkeys
shortTitle: About passkeys
---
{% note %}

{% data reusables.passkeys.beta-note %}

{% endnote %}

## About passkeys

Passkeys allow you to sign in securely to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %}, without having to input your password. If you use two-factor authentication (2FA), passkeys satisfy both password and 2FA requirements, so you can complete your sign in with a single step. You can also use passkeys for sudo mode and resetting your password.

Passkeys are public key credentials (like an SSH keypair) that are stored by an authenticator which can prove that a user is present and is authorized to use the passkey.   Authenticators prove authorization with a PIN, passcode, biometric or password, depending on the authenticator's capabilities and configuration.  Authenticators come in many forms, such as an iPhone or Android device, Windows Hello, a FIDO2 hardware security key, or even a password manager.  

When you sign in to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} using a passkey, you are allowing your authenticator to use public key cryptography to prove your identity to {% data variables.product.company_short %} without ever sending the passkey. Passkeys are also *origin bound*, and require a secure connection, meaning that the web browser will refuse to send the passkey to a look-alike phishing website. These properties make passkeys highly phishing-resistant, and much harder to defeat than SMS or TOTP 2FA, which can be phished.

Cloud-based passkey services allow passkeys to be synced across devices (Apple devices, Android, password managers, etc.), once you have set up a synced passkey on one device, that passkey is available to use across multiple devices using the same service. For example, if you register FaceID as a passkey, you can then use that passkey with your face, fingerprint, PIN, or device password interchangeably across multiple devices tied to the same iCloud account. 

Some authenticators allow passkeys to be used with nearby devices. For example, perhaps you want to sign in to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom_the_website %} using a bluetooth-enabled laptop that's not set up with a passkey. If you have registered a passkey on your phone, you might opt to scan a QR code, or trigger a push notification to your phone, in order to complete the sign in securely. For more information, see "[Signing in with a passkey using a nearby device](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/signing-in-with-a-passkey#signing-in-with-a-passkey-using-a-nearby-device)."

Other authenticators create device-bound passkeys, meaning they can only be used on a single authenticator.  Passkeys created with Windows Hello fingerprint or facial recognition are an example of a "device-bound" passkey that is device-bound.  These passkeys cannot be backed up or moved to another authenticator.  

Lastly, compatible FIDO2 hardware security keys are authenticators that can store passkeys. Passkeys stored on FIDO2 security keys are also "device-bound", but they have the advantage of being portable and can be attached to other devices in a variety of ways (USB, NFC or Bluetooth).  On some platform and web browser combinations, FIDO2 security keys may be the only way to use passkeys.

For more information about adding a passkey to your account, see "[AUTOTITLE](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/managing-your-passkeys)."


For 2FA users, if you already have passkey-eligible security keys registered to your account for 2FA, you can easily upgrade these existing credentials  into passkeys in your account settings. When you use an eligible security key to sign in, you'll also be asked if you want to upgrade it to a passkey. For more information, see "[Upgrading an existing security key to a passkey](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/managing-your-passkeys#upgrading-an-existing-security-key-to-a-passkey)."

For information on whether your device and operating system support passkeys, see [Device support](https://passkeys.dev/device-support/) in the Passkeys.dev documentation, and [Web Authentication API](https://caniuse.com/webauthn) in the CanIUse documentation.

## Enabling and disabling the feature preview for passkeys

{% data reusables.passkeys.enable-disable-passkey-beta %}

## Feedback

You can share your feedback on passkeys with {% data variables.product.company_short %}. To join the conversation, see "[Passkey feature preview feedback](https://gh.io/passkey-feedback)."

## Further reading
- [AUTOTITLE](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/managing-your-passkeys)
- [AUTOTITLE](/authentication/authenticating-with-a-passkey/signing-in-with-a-passkey)
- [AUTOTITLE](/authentication/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa/about-two-factor-authentication)
